7-0'd
abandoned
activated a trap card on
aimed for the horn of
annihilated
assassinated
atomized
averted
bamboozled
barrel-rolled
bashed
beat
befuddled
belittled
betrayed
blackmailed
blasted
blew up
blitzed
body-slammed
brainwashed
broke
brought an end to
bruised
brutalized
bullied
buried
burned
chainsawed
charmed
chewed up and spit out
choked
clubbed
confused
crashed into
crashed, boomed and banged
cremated
cried to
crippled
CROTTED
crushed the dreams of
curbstomped
dazzled
daykilled
deactivated
decapitated
decimated
decked
decommissioned
defeated
defenestrated
demolished
demoralized
demoted
demotivated
deprived the hopes of
desecrated
dethroned
detonated
devastated
devoured
did away with
did something violent to
digitized
disarmed
discombobulated
disconnected
disintegrated
dismembered
disposed of
distracted
dominated
donked
doped
doused
dropped a fridge on
drowned
duped
edged
ejechted
electrified
electrocuted
eliminated
embarassed
endured
escaped from
eviscerated
exasperated
exeggcuted
exposed
extirpated
facepalmed
flamed
flashed
flat out destroyed
flattened
flinched
flogged
flung an Iron Ball at
flunked
framed
froze
guillotined
hammered
haxed
hexed
horrified
hung, drew and quartered
hypnotized
ignored
immobilized
immolated
impressed
imprisoned
infected
infested
injured
insulted the pride of
intimidated
intoxicated
introduced Chuck Norris to
irradiated
isolated
jabbed at
jeered at
jolted
juiced
jynxed
kamehameha'd
keelhauled
kibitzed
kneed
knocked the swag out of
laid down the law upon
laid waste to
maimed
mangled
manhandled
manipulated
marred
mashburned
mashed
massacred
masticated
mauled
mocked
mooned
mud-wrestled
mutilated
mythbusted
nagged
neutralized
ninja'd
nuked
nullified
obliterated
OHKO'd
opened a can o' whoop ass on
outbid
outgeeked
outpredicted
outsmarted
overcame
owned
parahaxed
paralyzed
pestered
pickpocketed
piled
pinched
pirated
planted
plowed over
poisoned
pounced on
pressed charges against
prosecuted
publicly humiliated
pummeled
pursued
pushed over
put a plastic bag over
pwned
raged at
rammed
randed
ransacked
rattled
ravaged
rebelled against
rejechted
released the Kraken on
repelled
retaliated against
rickrolled
ripped
scalped
scared
schooled
scorched
screamed at
set fire to
Shanghai'd
shaved
shazam'd
shocked
shot down
sidestepped
silenced
slammed
slammed a computer on
slandered
slapped
slashed
slashed and burned
slaughtered
slayed
sliced and diced
slugged
smacked
smashpassed
snarled at
sneezed at
sniped
snitched on
snookered
snow cloak haxed
snuck past
snuffed
snuggled
socked
sold
spammed SubSeed on
speared
splattered
spored
sprang a trap on
squashed
stalked
steamrolled
stifled
stomped on
stopped
struck down
strung up
stung
subpunched
sucker punched
sued
suspended
tackled
taunted
temporally displaced
terminated
terrorized
threatened
threw coin(s) at
throttled
torched
trampled
trapped
traumatized
tricked
tricked a Lagging Tail to
tripped
trolled
trounced
uninstalled
vanquished
vaporized
vaulted
vented their anger on
went nuts on
went to town on
whipped
whittled down
wiped out
wooed
wrecked
wrenched
wrestled
Zidane'd